runtime-class.md: update containerd/cri link (#32759)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class.md

```

> See containerd's config documentation for more details:
> https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/docs/cri/config.md

Reviewer: We could fixup the link too:
```suggestion
See the containerd
[CRI Plugin Config Guide](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/docs/cri/config.md)
for more details.
```

Author: done
